Use objects to define readable expiration values (#20)
fregante/webext-storage-cache: readme.md

##### maxAge

Type: [`TimeDescriptor`](https://github.com/sindresorhus/to-milliseconds#input)<br>
Default: `{days: 30}`

The amount of time after which the cache item will expire.

##### staleWhileRevalidate

Type: [`TimeDescriptor`](https://github.com/sindresorhus/to-milliseconds#input)<br>
Default: `{days: 0}` (disabled)

> Specifies how many additional time an item should be kept in cache after its expiration. During this extra time, the item will still be served from cache instantly, but `getter` will be also called asynchronously to update the cache. A later call should return an updated and fresher item.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies how much longer an item should be kept in cache after its expiration. During this extra time, the item will still be served from cache instantly, but `getter` will be also called asynchronously to update the cache. A later call will return the updated and fresher item.
```
